(docs) Add hiera-config to config docs (#788)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/bolt_configuration_options.md

`color`: Whether to use colored output when printing messages to the console.

> `hiera-config`: Set the path to your hiera config. The default is `hiera.yaml` inside the `Boltdir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`hiera-config`: Specify the path to your Hiera config. The default path is `Boltdir/hiera.yaml`.
```

Reviewer 2: that is not the default path. the default path is  something more like <Boltdir>/hiera.yaml

Author: The phrasing `hiera.yaml inside the Boltdir` is how we describe it for other options.
